Privacy Policy for Focus Site Blocker
Last updated: 08-21-2022

Privacy Policy for the Focus Site Blocker Chrome Extension.

One of our main priorities is the privacy of our users. This Privacy Policy document contains types of information that is collected and recorded by the Focus Site Blocker extension and how we use it.

If you have additional questions or require more information about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at focussiteblocker@gmail.com

This Privacy Policy applies only to our chrome extension with regards to the information that we collect. This policy is not applicable to any information collected offline or via channels other than this extension. Our Privacy Policy was created with the help of https://www.privacypolicygenerator.info

Consent

By using our website, you hereby consent to our Privacy Policy and agree to its terms.

Information we collect

Focus Site Blocker does not collect personal or sensitive user data.

How we use your information

Focus Site Blocker does not collect personal or sensitive user data.

Advertising Partners Privacy Policies

We do not partner with third party advertisers.

CCPA Privacy Rights (Do Not Sell My Personal Information)

Under the CCPA, among other rights, California consumers have the right to:
Request that a business that collects a consumer's personal data disclose the categories and specific pieces of personal data that a business has collected about consumers.
Request that a business delete any personal data about the consumer that a business has collected.
Request that a business that sells a consumer's personal data, not sell the consumer's personal data.
If you make a request, we have one month to respond to you. If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us.

GDPR Data Protection Rights

We would like to make sure you are fully aware of all of your data protection rights. Every user is entitled to the following:
The right to access – You have the right to request copies of your personal data. We may charge you a small fee for this service.
The right to rectification – You have the right to request that we correct any information you believe is inaccurate. You also have the right to request that we complete the information you believe is incomplete.
The right to erasure – You have the right to request that we erase your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to restrict processing – You have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to object to processing – You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to data portability – You have the right to request that we transfer the data that we have collected to another organization, or directly to you, under certain conditions.
If you make a request, we have one month to respond to you. If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us.

Children's Information

Another part of our priority is adding protection for children while using the internet. We encourage parents and guardians to observe, participate in, and/or monitor and guide their online activity.

Focus Site Blocker does not knowingly collect any Personal Identifiable Information from children under the age of 13. If you think that your child provided this kind of information on our website, we strongly encourage you to contact us immediately and we will do our best efforts to promptly remove such information from our records.